
TO DO LIST

confirm the database look

Add blog section to the main page
everywhere the word ideal or the logo ideal is it should be clickable to go to the about ideal page
work on the modal. give it a bg-color that is same with the b meet marketers thing. the images should be cards and they should be clickable. onclick of the images either m or b it should take them to the page they chose
complete all forms. add validation, sanitization, and add recording to database to it also.
on marketer complete registration he should be taken to the find projects page and then there should be a pop up asuggesting they complete their profile and then one showing them the blog after.
add the up arrow to all the pages
add buttons to view more projects and also buttons to view more marketers;
add a how it works floating question mark to the homepage only
and then add a button that points up to all the page, a floating button
develop the how it works place
try to add faqs also ; inorder to populate the page
 add This section may
include filters, search options, and
categories to marketer landing page







TO DO LIST



2. work on modal


marketer should be able to
once i land on the website i should see the home page and a call to action. once i clicked the register i should get the option to create an account either as a marketer or as a business. once i click the marketer option is hould see the marketer form pop up.
after registering i would be taken to a place of projects. On this page i would see an option to search for projects, see active projects, see registered businesses,there would be a pop up, not disturbing though but this pop up would advice me to set my profile adn complete it because of businesses. 
once the marketer clicks on search for projects all the displayed projects below would dissapear

3. using session and cookies change the navbar a user will see after registering so that it would be personalized





1. finish the marketer landing after registration, same for business

dont forget to add fonts for all text

2. build admin page


    

    selectedprojectstext

    selectedprojectsimg

    projectscontroller 
    
    marketersonly

    name, level, projects handled, active projects


test how the database records things it gets from arrays of checkbox if you store it with varchar


comp name
company website 
skills needed



reedit the footer for all the webpages
 




do isset if there is a field that can be empty or not
always let you payment come along with instructions


NPM - node package manager



all your asset files should be in public
the main pages would be in views that is inside resources
on env, app env is local when operating local, but when you want to upload change to it
also change app debug to false if you want to upload it to the server so that ur errors are not displayed to everyone



one marketer shouldnt be able to send applications for the same project more than once



all dashboard places should only have the hardcoded go back link


always generate random numbers on forms for mor security


still trying to the if no projects shows no projects available


project view should be sorted by industry,size,location


rename all sessions

also remember to add ico



whogohost to get domain name
whois to get a domain name






Very IMPORTANT 

When hosoting live please do well to change the location from localhost to something else





undefined is not an error
not-defined is an error

this is based on hoisting 



REmane all the sessions